welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 10 mini recap to get
you ready for the six
new episodes of the extended tenth
season of the walking dead that's right
new episodes of the walking dead are
almost back february 28th on amc but a
full week earlier february 21st on amc
plus so make sure you sign up for that
now this is not season 11 yet there's
six bonus episodes of season 10 season
10 c
but it looks like we're getting some
pretty awesome episodes featuring some
of our favorite characters
including negan's backstory oh so here's
the recap on where we left our
characters so you could jump right into
it let's start right off with the booty
call crew
remember eugene met some girl over the
radio and set up a date with her king
ezekiel and yumiko are tagging along as
third and fourth wheels and along the
way they met the hilarious crazy new
character princess
but when they reached the rendezvous
eugene's lady love was not to be found
instead they were ambushed by a bunch of
stormtrooper looking guys
what i imagine they're gonna play a huge
part in season 11 but i'm excited to see
how we're introduced to them here and it
looks like we're gonna learn more about
the new character princess she is
wacky and zany i love it how'd you get
that way and why was she living alone in
the city by herself plus king ezekiel's
been having a rough time of it lately
since the kingdom fell he's no longer
king and he is dying of cancer he almost
gave up last season will he find the
strength to keep fighting speaking of
optimists next up is aaron and father
gabriel aaron was the nice guy but after
a couple of his boyfriends died and he
lost his arm he's now grown out the sexy
apocalypse beard he's replaced his hand
with a medieval weapon and is basically
the general
of our survivor's armies father gabriel
was always the voice of mercy but he's
lost some of that in the war with the
whisperers when dante almost killed his
girlfriend rosita and her baby he let
the devil out so these two former
optimists are hardcore badasses now i'm
excited to see what they get up to then
there's the dynamic duo
daryl and carol at the beginning of the
season these two solidified their best
friendship by actually exchanging
friendship bracelets but blinded by her
need for revenge on alpha for killing
her son henry carol kept making dumb
decisions that put herself and the whole
group at risk so they've been on and off
in kind of a fight this season though
they made up in the last episode what's
gonna happen will they resolidify their
best friendship or go their separate
ways for good
speaking of daryl looks like we're
getting the flashback for the six years
he spent searching for rick grimes when
we first met daryl after the time jump
he was still living in the woods as a
wild woods hermit he never gave up the
search how did that happen
next up it's maggie yes she's back on
the show she left during the time jump
apparently to go hang out with georgie
and her crew
we still don't know much about georgie
except that she likes music and knows
how to build windmills so what's maggie
been up to one thing we know maggie's
been up to is making friends with this
masked ninja guy
who the heck is he yes he whirled in
there saving father gabriel's life with
his sweet ninja blades
what is his deal why does he wear the
mask does he ever talk or is he the
strong silent type either way it's great
to have her back i'm excited to see what
she's like now how she interacts with
the crew and especially i'm excited to
see how she interacts with negan
yes uncle negan's been on a redemption
arc lately bonding with first judith
then lydia and he proved his loyalty to
the group by helping them fight the
whisperers of course it was negan who
killed alpha but we can't forget how
evil negan was he killed maggie's
husband glenn
brutally with a baseball bat last time
they saw each other maggie was gonna
kill negan but when she saw how pathetic
he was she decided she'd rather have him
rot in prison for life i don't imagine
she's gonna be happy now that negan is
free and an accepted part of the group
could she ever forgive negan could you i
don't know
let's find out and speaking of negan we
know we're getting here's negan the
negan origin story we're gonna meet his
wife lucille the woman he named his bat
after i am beyond pumped to see how
negan went from probably a normalish guy
to the sadistic bat-wielding psychopath
we met leading the saviors
i'm gonna make a prediction here and say
that this will probably be one of the
best episodes of the walking dead we've
ever had so there you have it the mini
pre-recap for the walking dead season
10c
catch the premiere a week early february
21st only on amc plus
link to that in the description sign up
now and don't miss out and when these
episodes drop you know i'll be there
recapping them so hit that subscribe
button to stay caught up on the walking
dead
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member